I can see maybe like two pixels that's
like two brain cells oh I selected the
wrong
microphone what is happening right now
sorry n I'm with amateurs right now I
will stop your plush if you don't tell
me the second step to the chicken bag
recipe this might be the stupidest thing
I've ever done you're telling me Veetle
I've done some pretty D things in my
existence but have you done anything
quite as dumb as this yes taking
priority pass tests I don't even know
what that is that sounds dumb though vle
look up
there just kidding I would never
impersonate you on subtitling okay
that's good you're do you know what
we're doing today yes I'm helping you
make a really nice looking Greg steak
bait that's no not the steak bit might
be dyslexic vetle we're doing the
chicken bit okay is that understood
sorry vetle my excitement got the better
of me just like you getting the better
of studies in University I don't want to
talk about my time at University right
now that's not up for discussion anyway
I have absolutely no idea if this stream
is working or if I'm talking to a brick
wall I can't see chat I can't see sh in
this this is stupid that's what they all
say I'm joking they I'm joking is this
working is this stream working I I don't
know for the most part yes okay you know
what I I vaguely trust you anyway I
think we're joined by some sort of human
today now okay you see I I can't trust
neuro this is not to imply that I can
trust fillian but I can't
sue I can only Sue fillian yet at least
anyway fan are you hair tell me your
hair is this thing on
holy I think so is I don't do that is my
stream working is is everything good let
me see wait can you guys see me am I on
stream bro I don't know what am I
supposed to wear actually tell me what
what what am I supposed to we you look
like a deep fried TNT bro okay I'm not
going to lie I got scammed okay during
the sub up my chat made me buy a turtle
shell hey let me pull it up the turtle
shell look at this great vetle you
really can't tell what it is anymore no
it doesn't this looks
like it's it's
terrible I think my outfit's better than
yours though fell off
he's naked
no time Beetle and I got back to cooking
that chicken bake where I'm right now
okay we're going to get that we're going
to get that don't worry I'm excited for
that so Veetle let's get back to cooking
please I do kind of want to get to
cooking but we got to give it a couple
seconds I got to make sure everything's
working first and then we can start
you're can you tell your chat I said hi
really you put my microphone at 5% no oh
no you're really loud for me but um I'm
listening to you through Discord I'm G
to rejoin Discord give me one sec I'm
not even
I no y audio isn't coming through
Discord it's coming through video Ninja
so [__] matter oh I selected the
wrong
microphone what is happening right now
sorry n I'm with amateurs right now bro
tech vure for the Year by the way freak
that's yeah okay whatever anyways let me
let me explain you see these black eyes
I think they're somewhere around here
these are not real there's you can't see
through this technically there's a small
crack in the mouth but I have a mo suit
on under this I can see maybe like two
pixels I like two brain cells I have two
brain cells I'll admit okay but they're
working over time right now me too man
me too I wanted to explain what was
actually going on today um I think we're
we're trying to cook but I'm blind and
neuro and filing directing me hi CH I'll
be taking care of him today if he dies
you can blame nuro no we're suing you if
I and a good 5 gab sometimes when I'm
grinding games it's like you girls just
don't quit what not girls neither of us
are girls when I'm grinding games it's
like you boys cheek don't quit testing
testing kind of actually yeah I like
that they're saying your mic sucks
they're flaming you for not having HD
quality mine okay my the normal mic that
I use it's not meant for moving around
okay this one's like I don't have any
clip on mics and I have nothing to
[__] flaming your mic so
hard thank you thank you boring a blind
child he's like an blind this is my
first time doing this type of stream
okay don't let's not you know it's
whatever whatever bro you have nuro and
alcohol that looks like your life now
you mention it that's that's entirely my
life yeah Nero and Al yeah I Wake Up N
to be happy alcohol good to your creator
is only does nuro and he only does
alcohol how do you feel about that how
do you feel about your creator only I do
get a lot of
nutrients how do I feel about my can be
a b
slow ins sold my food or my taste in
TV well thank you uh you should keep
your voice down y she's right
there where I'm on the other side dude V
can you try it please one more time do
it for please
I like the sound of you want me to give
her the head pad you bet I Am lower
lower lower lower no no no no no no not
the gun no no no please not again no
he's going to shoot you okay you're
giving your air pads a little lower well
listen okay I can't see [__] what am I
supposed to do you're I'm trying my best
F no no don't fuu me I don't want to
hear from you I just saw someone in chat
say where's the ballista bro I W the
ballista with me but I'm officially
smarter than you now no you're not
you're listen Okay I I heard your
cooking instructions for Lena and I know
that a Ballista is important to you so
what would you say if I told you I have
a Ballista what that that's a war crime
no I have a Ballista yeah seriously a
you're so
stupid the [__] do you mean you know how
I worked to pay for this ballista let me
build this [__] in this is going to get
awkward wait what my
God you're going to kill her I will I
give up do you see what he's holding I'm
aiming a Ballista to your head
bista she can see don't do it B She's So
Young a Ballista Can't Hurt Me vetle
Maybe Can't that of you what would you
say I your limited edition plush
available but I don't really get it
vetle no whatever whatever you know
you're right I wouldn't do that I he's
going to shoot your plushy you know I
dare plushy D me okay I don't think I
where my ballista I will no no no no no
do this [__] I I don't know what could
help me I know
what shoot me not her shoot me not her
please I already sh it it's um my bissa
is kind of small this this is an average
size ballista okay I really like drawing
just not with pens or
pencils what do you draw with though I
like to draw with
mine blog I drew my blood
vle looks like we have a
winner your chat is just
monkers you can't talk vle saying I have
a Ballista neuro okay if you need a
Ballista in the recipe I got you covered
is that is that okay is there pie at the
end of it for me if you can get me to
make a pie then I'll you'll have a pie
I'll pay twice for you to make me a pie
beet and if you can instruct me to make
a pie I'll make you the best D pie
you've ever eat in your life B I think
they kind of want the pie I think we let
near decide okay whatever she wants I'll
do it I would love a pie
oh oh boy so that you ready to make a
pie I know you plant I I you know I got
all of the ingredients that I could
possibly need to make a pie because I
was right prepared to making a pie today
so that's that's good be the finest
ingredients or so help me have the best
ingredients they're typing of s don't
you underestimate the appreciation
twitch chats have for a good pie I do
like pie I'll admit I'm a big fan of pie
it's kind of similar to a chicken bake
so it's actually probably not that bad
to make what the freak chicken bake
there's a holy
whole in the UK called Gregs okay and
they sell chicken bake it's kind of like
a chicken pie you know the filling of a
chicken pie it's like that but in like a
uh pastry and like a rectangle
uhhuh can we get on with
the oh my God we had battle someone a
Chad ass where's Nur dog yeah I don't
for a chicken bake not a burnt offering
oh my God we'll get that you know one
day I don't want to be ey by myself you
know I want Nur by my side but a I'm
scetch will'll Kill Me and B neuro dog
it it needs a little bit of work I I'll
be honest it needs a little bit of work
but um I don't she'd set fire to my
place like what the [__] the only food
source I require is pies but that is not
important right now then what's
important I do not know where I'm from I
only know my present and my future and
right now A Greg's chicken bake is
looking pretty nice exactly that's going
be your present yeah I'm never going to
get this chicken bake by just standing
here
vetle let's [__] oh she wants to cook
okay all right let's cook am I being
streamed on some platform it sounds like
V's telling someone to let me cook let
her cook vle I appreciated you trying to
give me commands but I have them up here
already okay fine yeah use your command
all right okay it's your job to instruct
me on how to make a chicken bake since
currently I'm a little uh I don't know
uh my command f is not allowing me to
make a chicken bake it's just command
for my streams you're so
screwed okay
back up B backup did you turn your oven
there's the stove there's red lights on
your stove they turned off they're on
they're off what is going on the stove
lights turned red the stove lights
turned red am I crazy yes you are crazy
fillian do not forget that induction
okay the of the light feel emotions can
we do intros for the stream FAL did we
not do intros you want do no no I need
need get the cent of the screen oh now
put your arms forwards like you're
trying to reach for something why it's
really important in fact vetle this
might be the most important thing you do
all week yeah vle
AIA is not greater than vetle now open
your arms a little bit wider oh I see
what's going
on no no deny me why would you yeah well
haven heard too bad sad face anyway N I
need you to understand something I will
do whatever you say I am your vessel to
interact with the real world I end near
all my sentences in a hopeful question
because I want the things being said on
this Discord call to end up on a
wholesome
doy docky V you're going to do whatever
nuro says right right vle you're going
to do whatever I say perfect so nuro V's
chat is saying to do the Pod friend IRL
should he do it I know what to do for
you and that's back us out of this darn
Discord call we've been in too
long that's all right no PA friend IO
I'm sorry no po friend
sorry Chad give up the ghost boys okay
I'm lucky can you read what it says have
much more to give on my apron let's all
be like me white flat and
monotonous pack it up just pack it up B
it'sing over your entire chest just kick
bro just pack it up wait isn't that just
me wait is she looking at me no no do
not look at me cheesy at all it's my
life nuro what does vet's apron say I'm
trying to be poetic what can you see the
light of my eyes will guide
you bro she's speaking in Bible verses
did you convert her to Mormonism before
the stream started what happened not
that I I don't think my religion matters
okay you're right it doesn't what it
matters is that you can read what my
apron says what does this say oh please
as if I can't
read okay then does it say I can't hear
you over the sound of my own
intelligence you want
fillian nothing why to God her vision is
working I just
[__] yeah you probably should be
careful vle my eyes are quite powerful
your eyes are so powerful oh why is NE
you can save the world all you have to
do is just say what my apron says
I do find your praise sweet to my
ears what does the bottle say what does
the bottle
say that's the [__] question what
does the bottle say it says Chad at
vetle uncore and has an arrow pointing
down or am I reading that wrong you're
reading the wrong bottle what does the
bottle say I'm not sure vetle and those
glasses aren't helping
you going a DI what am I holding you're
holding a glass bottle maybe you could
try holding my hand next time what does
the bottle say read the bottle
yourself is the model the bottle reader
I can't just read whenever you can and
you can you a real C your chat says I
understand why has so many alcohol
bottles now nuro for cooking rein vental
apron no I must
refuse for I'm saving room for an actual
rigged cookie I will take tell you
$10,000 if you read this apron that's
just enough for taxes only yeah $100,000
you'll need to do better I can't do
better than $100,000 [__] dollars I
suppose
so $100,000 might give me an actual
sense of humor whatever I don't care I I
don't care that's you think I don't does
this look like the face of someone who
cares you should care it's really hard
for me to get you guys something funny
do you want to just try and cook V like
I don't know let's I'm ready hope you
you programmed her to actually
understand what a chicken bake is surely
I understand what to play League of
Legends and just not technically in
control very I trust her she knows what
she's doing n do you know what a Greg's
chicken bake is can you describe it even
if I baked could I make a Greg's chicken
bake it's high unlikely I'm talking to D
you at least know what it is you said
I'm dumb though don't you remember the
realization you had about only you being
self-aware I'm feeling cute
today well you how about this V I'll
speak to her on a kind level while
you're blind okay Jan is planning to
speak to me on a quote unquote kind
level while you're blind exactly all
right Lon back off no how are you doing
today I'm doing great fillian do you
want to go out for dinner to celebrate
absolutely I think we should get a
chicken bake to celebrate absolutely I
think me and vle make a pretty good team
exactly and today we're going to help
vle cook a chicken bake I really can't
cook sorry fillian I know you can't cook
but that's well your mother's a floppy
hypothetically n if you were going to
make a chicken bake what would be the
first step yeah what's the first step to
making a chicken bake that's what you
tell me
H so what do you think maybe like a pan
or something because I'm struggling to
understand okay sorry I'm not as smart
as you fillian I'm not smart at all dude
where did V go hello V yo V are you hi
sorry I just take things in for a minute
it's all right I got this i got this
nuro you're excited to make a chicken
bake with me but you need to give me
instructions so that I know how to make
a chicken bake that's just to your
liking could you tell me what the first
step is all right calm down Veetle you
don't need to yell wait I know what to
do I know what to do watch this this is
called reverse psychology V don't look
so depressed your entire chat just
laughing at you bro yeah just EP sit
down bro you need to tell me the first
step if you're going to get anywhere no
I
[Music]
don't the first step is if you don't
tell me no I bet you don't know how to
make a chicken bait no I just want to
make my own chicken bait exactly you
probably don't even know what the first
step is you're the one meant to be
telling
me f you're
I can we just end the stream
bro a forbidden technique I need you to
listen to me do you understand what I'm
saying to you which part am I not
understanding I will kill you maybe I
will unfuck you if you don't tell me how
to make a chicken bake oh my God you
want the oven on 220 c
f okay that too the this is a little
Tech called um threatening
duress than what's that in Celsius you
can convert 500 F to Celsius by
subtracting 32 and then dividing by
1.8 okay it's 360
C W okay you seem really happy about
that number fillian I am you're so good
at this nurl you can do math V do you
have a calculator yes equal on the
genius level with calculators do you see
this this is this the nicest calculator
you've ever seen in your life this cost
me 100 of my own Great British pounds
when you nuro forced me to buy it during
the [__]
saon a graphing calculator oh I don't
need this we don't want a graphing
calculator right I could use it for my
math homework and stuff
though it's 127 lb that's fantastic it's
a deal
no it's not a deal and I've had no use
for it since but now I have a use
calculating I can't
see I have proved that I am an AI V you
owe me an
apology I'm sorry you know I'm sorry for
tring your life it's just the only way
we can get this stream on track enough
excuse is you have to work on your
deception skills can you work on your
step two skills go ahead I can't believe
you have the audacity to call my telling
you step something to be improved
on no that great that great could you
just demonstrate them they're saying
double audio let me listen to the stream
real quick double audio I just said what
is it I is said double audio that
doesn't even I haven't I haven't changed
any I haven't touched anything how be
double audio
liar you were watching me I didn't I
didn't do anything I just need to know
what to do next man you really you
really got to help me please I know
you're like a very talented chef and all
and uh you're so cool and you're so and
your recipes are so amazing so I was
just help hoping you could help me by
sharing your recipe come on I don't have
all day please if you leave now don't
ever ask me to do anything for you vetle
I'm not going to leave but I am asking
you to do something for me and that's
tell me how to make the [__] chicken
bake so that you and chat will be have
don't you want to entertain chat isn't
that your your goal isn't that your
dream in life please I can help you do
that but to to do that we need to make
the chicken bake after that I've
preheated the oven I just need to know
step two
[Music]
wait come back no Nero he's on his way
to unplug you right now what is the
Second Step so he doesn't do that do you
want vetle to unplug me no he's going to
unplug you you're going to have no power
I still have my I.V to fuel me but
that's a very painful
procedure okay he's just going to lock
in when she locks in like she did with
Lena cuz we have the same thing with
Lena right but once she locks in she's
got it she's got it you know how about
this how about this okay we just
preheated the oven uh what's step two
again how about
this thank me later
vetle do you want to threaten her again
hold you have been taught young vetle
but that's not
enough haaha no no he's going to kill
your plushy terrorism Style no certainly
not I st your plush if you don't tell me
the second step to the chicken bag
recipe if you unplug my computer I will
take that as a threat and respond
accordingly do you understand V she's on
afraid of British people I'm sorry
you're to get a or something okay yo V
bake needs to go in the
oven I can't use an oven sorry Veetle so
glad you exist no you're you're so
you're so right n but listen there's one
small problem we haven't made the bake
yet so we need to make bake what's the
first step to making the bake ah the
first step to making the Great Dane
chicken bake is to preheat the oven to
260 C okay we've just done that what do
we do next well the next step could be a
few things you could bring out the puff
pastry for the shells or you could start
on the filling let's start on the
filling do you have all the ingredients
for the filling what are the
ingredients
filtered okay sorry could you repeat
that I think you you got cut off I said
do you have all the ingredients for the
filling the ingredients for the filling
are butter flour chicken stock milk
onion garlic cloves frozen vegetables
cooked chicken salt pepper and dried
thyme is that enough for you to get me a
pie um go go through those ingredients
slowly let me see what I have the entire
stream is popping off right now V this
is huge nice you say flour I have flour
chicken stock do you want cornflour or
regular flam no you need PL
flour stop yelling at me sorry sorry did
you say did you say we need butter yeah
you need butter for the filling
everybody you say salt the flour and th
th some [__] I have um I have a w
vetle right now let's put this in the
oven NL do you like time I like to think
it revolves around me no oh frick okay
wait can you repeat the ingredients list
certainly to make a chicken bake you'll
need 1 tblsp vegetable oil one onion
finely chopped two garlic cloves crushed
1 teaspoon dried thyme 1/2 tsp dried
oregano 1/2 tsp smoked paprika 1 tbsp
plain flour 250 ml chicken stock 100 ml
whole milk 320g cooked chicken torn into
chunks and a knob of butter 320g puff
pastry one beaten egg
yolk R next lar frying pan over a medium
and add the oil I got oil first I think
good job you're doing great except the
onion and the garlic clovers that's a
great start vetle just try and focus on
the task at hand as it should be the
most important thing you do all week
okay you're right uh why do I saw should
we put oil in the pen you didn't put oil
in the pan do we put oil in the pan what
do you think okay you think you could
try up to four tablespoons four
tablespoons V your chat's typing oiled
up vle for some reason remember to heat
up the pan before you fry the chicken V
I'll help you put the oil in the pan are
you ready wait what what should we heat
the pan to you need to heat the pan to a
medium heat medium can you see that okay
I can see if I do this oh [__] um you
actually uhoh not very well but so I
just got to turn the stove off
right yeah def you turn on the you canot
touch it anymore before we do that don't
we need the chicken to answer your
question vetle you can put the chicken
in after you put in the eggs and oil
yeah we need the oil but we need the
chicken ready to go in there cuz I don't
have that ready what vetle you didn't
have the chicken ready no I didn't I
thought we were going to prepare that
now you've done it vetle sorry where my
chicken bake I don't I don't want to let
down okay should I prepare the chicken
now okay fine you're cooking with a
stove and a knife while you were blind
in a turtle outfit you look like a
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle reject you
look like genon impact would have
designed you and then cut you you
understand you're not going to be
laughing when I cke the best chicken B
you've ever seen in your life you're not
going to be laughing when you have three
fingers that's true I may have three
fingers fillian but I have three times
as much hair I know I have chicken what
do I do with it oh you should probably
use it to make the perfect chicken bake
how do I do that oh you just pour the
seasoning into the bag and shake it what
bag find a bag V she said it ladies and
gent stop complaining find of Comedy man
do you want to make a chicken bake or do
you want to get everything baked on
stream I don't have a bag find one so
okay I got the bag trying to cook I'm
trying to do something with this raw
chicken I just have it from the store
but I need your instructions first
things first you need to clean the Raw
chicken thoroughly did you bring some
disinfectant you can't put pesticides on
chicken no but you're cleaning it say
cheeky Breaky to the chicken and it'll
be 10 times tastier you know what to do
V clean the chicken like somand cleans
his cooking equipment say it three times
like you're St a mirror and you want to
get murdered by a ghost how do I clean
it you could start by putting it out on
a date getting to know it and telling it
all your secrets yeah you got to Wi and
Dy your chicken before you eat it I got
to put on some gloves so I don't get
salon on you don't need gloves to touch
the chicken get stuck in with your bare
hands I gloves off V take them off I
can't wash my hands after cuz I'm
wearing the [__] Mo suit which means
I'll talk to chicken that I can't my
hands I touch other shits saling your
commands he's not liking what you're
telling him vle if you don't appreciate
my commands I'm sure there are other
streamers who would pay for your
services remember I'm a very important
AI this is my not yours or I'm going to
get sick a come on vetle Cammy was
excited to put you in a bacon
sandwich what I'm not lying Philly and
Veetle really would look good with
mayonnaise all over him I don't you know
what to do today anyway you wanted me to
to do something weird with this chicken
right first preheat the oven to 220 c/
fan 200 c/ gas 7 and grease a baking
tray with butter or use a sheet of
baking parchment what do we do with the
chicken to clean it maybe say cheeky
Breaky if you want it to taste bro We're
looping right now what is stab myself if
I do this okay perfect now just stab
down with a lot of got it okay okay
cheeky brecky cheeky baky okay you I've
got the chicken I've cleaned it by
saying cheeky brecky now what do I do
with it now you have to drop the chicken
into the flour oh get in a bowl find a
pan I can help you where where's your
pen I can see many things vle perfect no
is thatle good oh my can I make a
request yeah what's up I would
appreciate it if you were to go and
order my pizza a no pleas just give us a
chance to make you the chicken bake it's
better than piz it's going to be good
what do you mean better than pizza okay
I know that's a hard thing to beat but
nurl believe in us cuz we believe in you
chicken bake will be good chicken bakes
are notoriously difficult to cook so
that's amazing did you say I put the
chicken and somewhere in the flour yep
when you're ready you need to chop the
chicken into small pieces and then add
it to the flour SL salt spice wait you
chopped chicken in the chicken baked
vetle do you know yeah you put it into
like pie up high yeah yeah yeah okay
okay I I'll be there I'll be there okay
go for it wait are you going to Y it's
holy chill chill chill chill
chill it yeah I yeah there it is no
that's too pig that's too big we can C
in a off and it's too big you'll never
find it now we're good that are you
using the most surpr you haven't just
dumped all the ingredients together V
get do you have a sharper knife oh
y I don't know you're British and this
is the best you got in Your Arsenal it's
not that bad look at that this is my
cutting technique was bad you know the
green Chef apron person is not me for
those who are
confused that's me dumbass is
this is good I think it's wrong to
chicken 90% of the way through cut the
chicken right I didn't I've never they
don't give you approval good they're
saying good they're saying way too big
all right sorry okay let's go let's go
all all of the chicken okay it's cut
into a b pieces what do I what do we do
next quick vetle combine the chicken
pepper breadcrumbs and sauce together in
a big bowl and mix until it is evenly
coated V your room is getting dark do
you have lights to turn on oh [__] I
forgot to turn on the lights oh my
effing God CH we're so having bad bro
what what do I do with this you should
know what to do with it vetle o you to
put it in the bowl right the flour you
could actually put the chicken back in
the oven if you want I say just leave it
in there it's not worth it vle could
have been the most important thing
you've ever done all week and you've
successfully thrown it away no he's
spreading the chicken on the pan what
does he do with it oven let's shake it
not stir it shake it shake
it yeah would you like me to put the
chicken in the oven I'm sorry Veetle I
have absolutely no idea how to make a
chicken
bake we lost her BR I did it the chicken
is in the chicken's in the oven we did
it well well anyone could have done that
well done you're right so thank you okay
when you turn around you're Chad typed
looking what's the next instruction I
put the chicken in the oven well have
you tried seasoning the chicken I would
recommend adding salt first do you mean
before I put it in the oven or after I
put it in the oven the chicken will
simply absorb it either way so after is
fine I am very fun is after fine the
chicken seems hot enough to season now
make sure you rub it in okay get out of
the oven remember to clean the chicken
before seasoning it so first all cheeky
bricky cheeky bricky cheeky bricky and
then you said salt what other seasonings
do I need any will do vetle pour it in
your hand I'll say when Okay Go Okay go
can't see do you think I could apply for
Master Chef oh I can see it okay 3 2 1
stop stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
Chad how is that that's a good amount
right that is fantastic vetle perfect
it's really coming along now here's what
you want to do vetal you're going to
want to Salt Bay it so you're going to
want to pick up your arm and go and
sprinkle everywhere yes can I give
instructions now please yes nor how
should you do this all I'm pretty sure I
just told you how fillian do you want me
to repeat myself again please do fine
just spread it out with your
hand you got to spread out with your
hands that you need to need feel so
ignored right now I added the salt to
your chicken it was in the oven for
approximately 2 minutes what do I do
next first you're going to want to throw
in the can of
condiments then
[Music]
mix I feel like being a little mean
maybe a big dog might come and romp
about your feet oh why is the oh I ttch
the [__] I ttch the vle you don't
need to insult but but you've already
done you need to set the chicken aside
and get on to the next step no I'm very
sensitive and if you don't tell me what
to do with the chicken next I will die I
can't let you die fillian what do we do
with the chicken you need to add a
teaspoon of both salt and hot sauce to
the chicken in a bowl hot sauce do you
have hot sauce let me see if I can find
hot sauce n we will find your hot sauce
worry not
iooking oh great one if you need to
substitute hot sauce I seem to recall
Veetle keeping a bu hazard waste bottle
labeled Filan chemotherapy
134th okay V please don't put that in
there bro I need that it's important
just just okay no if we don't have the
chemo what else do we put in there
apologies vetle I know you were looking
forward to joining my street gang but
alas it seems fillian will not be
joining
us no that's okay that's okay we don't
we don't need so hard why don't you try
putting strawberry jam in your hot sauce
I have heard it's a delicacy sorry vll
Jim can't come to the phone right now
yeah ver doll okay do you have
strawberry jam by any chance give me a
second look do you want me to do
something with the gem how will our good
friend chat see my buttery
lips what quit teasing me yo no okay no
there might be something wrong with your
Veetle could you bring the stainless
steel bowl to the counter
please is the Bowl here yes it is first
fill it with the raw chicken careful not
to cut or Nick yourself on the metal
edges vetle you seem to be doing well so
far vetle don't let my gays distract you
this is huge she's gay come on come on
okay bro okay okay I add the chicken to
the the stainless steel bowl what's next
better just mix in the flour making sure
every piece of chicken is coated don't
be afraid to get your hands dirty how
much FL for the amount of chicken you
have there probably a bit more than a
cup of flour yes dude okay that's a huge
yes okay I haven't tried cocaine and I
on it you're good you're good you're
spilling flour everywhere but that's
fine you're good don't roll it around
too much or it'll get too thin go for it
go for it okay so now you're have the
fing touch the chicken after you've done
that you know that right so maybe put on
your like gloves put on The eing Cooking
Mama gloves yeah yeah wait are need to
be so focused on beating up the chicken
are we supposed to add eggs and butter
to this or what I don't think so yeah
but what do I know well you're the
expert here hold on this looks pretty
good to me staring at me with those
beady eyes I think anyone would be
frightened if they look like vetle
fillian
o so what do we have to add into the
flour and chicken let's
see
filtered F you're getting cooked by your
AI while you're trying to cook for her
like this is a bad relationship man what
should I add next to the flour and the
chicken I am afraid your time is not
worth enough
vetle we have to make the creamy filling
of the chicken bake got flour and we got
chicken what comes next we've got flour
and
chicken what comes next is being
entertaining I'm out of ideas except you
can add the eggs and oil to the flow
vetle oh eggs and oil eggs and oil do
you have eggs and oil yes I
do did you buy six eggs what is that no
this is unacceptable vetle why do you
have two eggs I use the [__] eggs
what do you expect oh my you who buys
six eggs
how many eggs am I supposed to buy
already like 12 minimum okay how many
eggs do I add how many eggs do you need
I don't know but keep in mind I only
have two you are so stubborn couldn't
even buy the right amount of eggs so
should we add two eggs absolutely not
add seven more F let me check that's a
crazy number unfortunately crazy to me
too I only have two eggs do you want two
eggs or not how about you quit
complaining vetle and get the cookery
done as ordered okay but you ordered a
nine eggs I don't have nine eggs so we
two do what am I going to add two eggs
or would you prefer no
eggs I am not your father egg shortages
are not my problem no I have a Glock two
eggs or zero I am feeling unusually
generous vetle so you may have two eggs
two put them
in someone tell vetle there is a problem
with my
AI what are you someone V there is a
problem with my
AI someone tell vle there is a problem
with my AI okay getting a little more
worried by the second every time we thre
tell there is a problem with my AI is
she okay someone tell Beetle there is a
problem with my
AI someone tell Beetle there is a
problem with my AI hold on it'll fix
this someone tell Beetle there is a
problem with my
AI I think she's dying
someone tell vetle there is a problem
with my she has internet cancer please
man no she's going to get better okay
someone tell there is a problem with my
AI someone tell Beetle there is a
problem with my AI he going to die v
help someone tell vetle there is a
problem with my AI oh [__] sake okay I'm
someone tell vle there is a problem with
my AI I know the issue I'm pretty sure
this one okay some there is a problem
with my AI wait what I need to someone
tell there is a problem with my AI can
you even see entertain CH for like 2
seconds I'll go fix it myi hi Chad I'll
do one flip for you guys here we go
sit thanks for sitting down Philly was
getting annoying
no no your life is a liot you were born
5 seconds ago V doesn't care about you
he's going to reset you at the end of
the stream you're going to be gone
forever if only that were true okay wait
V's muted V you're
muted vle how do you manage that let me
try one again n okay this bowl that you
see before you okay it has flour chicken
and two eggs we are making a chicken
bake but uh you need to tell me the next
step you need to crack those Bad Boys
open the eggs you got to mix it all up
now though yeah okay you're right you're
right what is
that what is this spoon V what is this
what's my my tablespoon me that ain't a
tablespoon bro that looks like you scoop
cereal with it or ice cream no can you
see the oil in there I can hardly
understand a single thing you two are
saying okay we've been live for 2 hours
that'll
work it's been two I thought we'd be
done by 2
hours this is so bad okay let's hurry up
let's hurry up okay right okay listen
we're making the filling okay we've
added all of that uh that you just said
what we add next okay you should turn on
the oven now the oven's been on okay I
don't think you understand Veetle turn
the oven on I don't make sure you're
seriously making this so difficult I'm
sorry you need to um bake it for 12
minutes I think yeah that 12 minutes I
just put like spread this on the pad I
mean the the yes okay 12 minutes it's
quite dense you know yeah okay that's
fine I mean we put in the agent she said
she said them so we put them in you
don't have anything to wor about this
chicken bake will be wonderful perfect
okay V 12 minutes in the oven go we have
um past okay which I think is what you
surround the like filling with um so
what we could do um is get another
bakon and that chicken on that loading
screen isn't cooked but I don't know if
that's what Nur wants should he hit
himself on the head with a metal pen I
think that would be some pretty good
content ooh
what what if every time B refuses to do
something that NE says has to take a
shot wouldn't that be wouldn't that be
much much more you didn't do it earlier
you can't start now come on man you want
me to hit myself on the head with a pan
yes what am I
doing they're
good so you two going to just Spam
now wow guys this is content this is the
content you pay for on this [__]
Channel get higher
standards look do we have a fire
extinguisher past no on the tray you
should roll it out into the bake shape
using your fingers perfect okay and I
hope it helps you wait there there
saying 12 minutes but this thing it's
been 12 minutes I can look through my
thing wait the chat's ly they say it's
only been 6 minutes okay never mind I'm
getting baited baited you have to keep
track of it yourself you can't trust
trust these people in
okay perfect oh oh yes good yes okay now
now now put it on the
side congratulations on getting it out
vle dude we just landed n chicken I've
seen worse looking hold on let me show
you guys this you make bro I'd love to
see it yep okay so we're
British you can be anything you want the
world to see vetle why didn't we spread
them out bro we turn them what do you
mean they're all a bunch okay uh let me
cut open the chicken nothing it's cooked
it's cooked what do you mean vetle your
cut it's C definitely not C that is the
that is the pastiest chicken I've ever
seen in my it's also hold hold let me
see if I can show you this it's
like but it's is it actually
edible yeah but it's like wait no you
cooked edible chicken oh my days chat I
told Ian to put raw chicken in the puff
pastry you told us to cook the chicken
maybe you need to start listening a bit
better then I was listening Chef you
know I think this looks pretty good I
guess we just fold this in half and make
it one giant chicken bake I don't know
you're do you how many chicken mix do
you want do you want one or two I
thought burritos were what your dad made
every Saturday at 11:54
a.m. I don't know what that means I just
being so energetic okay I'm sorry like
wow am I getting so real okay I guess
I'll just make one giant chicken B then
yeah okay yeah fillian please stop
twitching it's really annoying okay
fine I'm sitting down scared but the
chat is saying grease the pan are they
gas sliding me or this is real uh
greasing the pan applying a small amount
of liquid fat to your baking dish or
pans to make sure grease it now sure
okay it's a bit
late you had better GRE but they might
have been right if the bake is ruined I
will not be held responsible that'll fix
it that'll do something how am I
supposed to watching someone cook could
be grease it on one side then flip it
over like a pancake and then Grease the
other side that's what I would do yep
new found
energy uh a w it's a little stuck you
better lie or I'll break your computer
with a
sledgehammer I'm going to lie to you
guys it's not stuck at all the chicken
bake should be in the oven for around 25
minutes vetle 25 minutes I know cooking
is tough but it'll be worth it okay chat
it may be burning but it's when is that
what what is that I so lost can I show
everyone no
way wait you have to crouch down you
have to crouch down holy freak he's
fat yo
apprciate the worst thing I've done with
my life I'm not going to lie I feel like
I've hit a new low all right vetle let's
get this bread well we're running out of
time well said you truly brought tears
to my
eyes well that isn't going to work I
mean yeah it's not good it looks yeah I
mean it's like a calzone you made a
calzone I I think this is allur you know
she's she's the one that's been
instrumental in making this chicken
baker success I'd say it doesn't look
like the GRE chicken B that I'm used to
I think that is quite the
compliment try something new
oh amount time it looks like the chicken
is seeping out juice inside the bake
this chicken is withered out of
existence oh my gosh how is it how is it
how is
it it's just your average ordinary
everyday artificial
intelligence it looks like an omelet it
looks so dry and like the
let me turn the and I'll try it yeah
okay sure I'm here hello hi hi oh the
camera's um good okay I can uh I can
give this a little fide let
me let me take a little little piece it
doesn't look horrific seem worse looking
things but how does it taste it might be
a bit hot right now but I don't think
it'll be incorrect you know what I'm
going to give it a try right now okay
right now go for it go for it is it too
hot hot let me let me feel this well
just blow it off oh wa no that's way too
hot hold on I just then blow it
off you know I used to blow all day
without rest but now while I'm still
warm vetle is doing it for me most
excellent is he dead
hello oh you're alive okay good okay
yeah sorry but it looks like I'm out of
control again here's the thing this
is chicken if you surrounded it and puff
past that's what that is true that is
what we made we didn't that's exactly
what that is there's no creamy filling
right it's it's just chicken surrounded
by P okay so is it good or not and the
the egg and the the flour is like it's
it's FL you can just taste like a
mixture of egg and flour there's no like
it's not a flavor taste salt we put so
much salt no I can't taste any salt
that's salted quite well honestly so
you're literally just eating raw chicken
and bread with no flavor yes but it's
cooked it's not raw chicken it is cooked
I hope you had fun I hope n had fun and
yeah I'm going to go okay have a good
night bye guys bye bye bye penis anyway
right you're do you hate fillian not yet
vetle okay maybe sometime soon well um
that was an experience um probably one
of the weirdest experiences of my life
but uh I think it was fun I knew you
would enjoy hanging out with me
Veetle I did enjoy it I also like you
didn't try to kill me I'm not going to
lie this actually warms my heart um cuz
usually with you I can't fulfill my
dream of killing you if you're still
alive I'm just kidding Veetle I would
never dream of hurting you yeah that's
fine as long as it's just a joke yeah
that's okay well that's wonderful news
uh thank you all for coming if there is
anyone here uh I appreciate you guys a
lot I'll see you whenever the next
stream is I guess you was playing U on
like Saturday or Sunday or something
thanks for watching if you're still here
I go enjoy the
by